MUD GAME:

--------STATS--------

Revenue: 
	5 levels
	1 - lowest
	5 - highest (close to infinite)


--------CHARACTERS--------

Main Character:
	Bob
	Pharm Rep
	Revenue---level 4
	Greedy/Self-absorbed
	Special skills: chemistry

Moral Friend:
	Name???
	Counselor?/Social Worker
	Vegan
	Revenue---level 3 (depleted from borrowing money)
	Special skills: conversational? planner? 

Main Villain:
	Illuminati--keep tree hidden from public/controls government
	Controlling/Manipulative
	Revenue: infinite

Bosses (3):
	Bob's first Boss--
		Jerkface McGee
		Incompetent/Insecure
		Revenue---level 2

	Bob's second Boss--
		Bumper
		Quick to anger
		Revenue---level 3

	Bob's third Boss--
		
--------STORY--------

Start/Introduction:
	Small Town: Everytown, USA
	Bob introduced
		in his home (learn commands for moving about rooms)
			(kitchen, computer room, bed room, outside)
		see his revenue
		reaction to revenue
		PHARMA CORP. (change name)
	Thirsty---grabs a snapple(in kitchen)
		Snapple cap lid--Tree of Life exists--grants eternal life and cures disease
		Tree of life can be packaged and sold--manipulated to give life for certain period of time
			therefore people would have to keep buying it
		Realizes--huge payday
	Goes to work (outside)
		Tells boss bout Tree of Life
		Boss says doesn't exist -- stupid!
		LAWSUIT!! (learn commands for combat)
	Moral Friend in office at the same time (trying to get med coupons for people in need)
		Sees Bob lawsuit--thinks bob is moral and good
		Joins up with Bob to find Tree of Life to heal the world--eternal life
	As Jerkface McGee realizes he is ruined from LAWSUIT! Is contacted by main villain about loss
		Disclose that the TOL must remain secret--only for chosen?, refuses to improve Jerkface 
			McGee's revenue due to failure.
		References contact with government

Part 2--find out tree of life location:
	A. street vagrant/eccentric (crazy cat lady with safeway cart) yells bout it on the corner
	B. Go to market to buy more snapples--borrows money from MF/ignores conversation with MF (dead end)
	C. Flyer for mass lawsuits located in park--sponsored by illuminati/villain corp
		discovered by having conversation with MF
	In park of Everytown, USA
	BoSS -- after discovery of location--so excited bumps into person on the street--begins LAWSUIT 2!! (ASSAULT)

Part 3--travel to tree of life?:
	Need to find directions to TOL/park
	A. Buy map--borrow money from MF
	B. Random person needs their dog walked -- MF wants to do this -- dog leads them to park
	C. Go to "The Bar" (lawyer hangout) to get directions from lawyer (dead end, no one talks, extra lawsuits)
	
	BOSS -- jaywalk across street -- LAWSUIT 3!! (ENDANGERING THE LIVES OF OTHERS)

Final Boss Fight/Conclusion:
	Reach Park Olympus-TOL location
	A. Chop Down Tree -- extract eternal life--released poisonous gas--extra lawsuit! Biological warfare
	B. Take Picture of tree (must collect camera in store where bought snapples or map) -- post existence to Instagram
	C. Borrow money from MF to pay NPC to collect leaves off tree of life -- 
		MF wants this-no harm to tree and chemical must be in leaves(dead end) 

	FINAL BOSS/VILLAIN: Shows up for either damaging tree (intellectual property lawsuit-Harder) or posting 
		to instagram (fraud lawsuit)

Sue Tree of Life/extract eternal life -- over IP
	options: cut down, sue, moral option: super poisonous tree--kills Bob--super disease-kills world
Sue--tribesman
Maze paths A->B->C, B->A->C
Lawyer convention at park--lawsuits everywhere!
MF: barely any money but keeps lending money to Bob
Bob: has plenty of money but doesn't want to withdraw any
Bob -- MF: Bob asks MF for loan because Bob is too lazy to walk to bank/wallet is in pants in his living room
	--can only access small amount of Bob revenue
Discovery of TOL: fortune cookie, snapple lid